This policy describes the ways we collect, store, use and protect your personal information. You accept this policy and consent to such collection, storage and use when you sign up for or use our products, services or any other feature, technologies or functionalities offered by us on our website or through any other means (collectively "the MapleFlagMissions.ca Services"). We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it.

The only information we collect is your name, email address and your System Unique Id. This is collected to allow creation of the mission keys and to ensure accurate correspondence. We store and process your personal information on our computers in Canada, and we protect it by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable law. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities.

We don't sell or rent your personal information to third-parties for their marketing purposes. However we may share your personal information with The Fighter Collection Ltd, to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies, and to guide decisions about their products, services and communications. Also with Service providers under contract who help with parts of our business operations (fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, technology services). Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit. Also with Law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties when we are compelled to do so by a subpoena, court order or similar legal procedure or when we need to do so to comply with law. Also when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of our Privacy Policy.

Please note that these third parties may be in other countries where the laws on processing personal information may be less stringent than in your country.

When you are using the PayPal Services, they will collect information about your account transactions and your other activities on their website and may collect information about your computer or other access device for fraud prevention purposes. Please consult the PayPal privacy policy for more details about their website and use of their services.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should contact us at mapleflagmissions@gmail.com